I am not human
I'm a beast
My sister saved my wife and I bullied him
Insult him and he will die
Damn it's not my sister
Damn it's me
I'm damned early seven days
Why in the first place?
Mrs. Su
I remember before the surgery
Li Hongyi asked a question
If he were your biological daughter
Would you still insist on a kidney transplant?
I think
He should have known his identity by then
I didn't tell you.
I chose to fulfill you
Bear everything alone
I know he knows for sure
What does Xiao Hui want to do when she grows up?
I want to be a police officer.
I will arrest anyone who dares to bully my sister
What if my brother is not in good health?
I want to be a doctor to cure my brother's illness
Awesome come
He just came to see me.
Said to have fulfilled the promise at that time
Let me live well for him
I was so stupid that I couldn't hear anything
When I was young, he said that my health was not good
He wants to be a doctor when he grows up
Cure my disease
He's a good boy.
Not a pity
Fortunately, I just had a kidney transplant surgery
If you arrange for him to do it ASAP
Blood Center
It should be able to temporarily protect his constipation
Then hurry up and find him a new kidney